rokfor-cms
==========

Rokfor Content Management used as Base Engine for all Rokfor Projects

Think of Rokfor Content Management as something like Filemaker but based on MySQL and PHP. We're focusing on a book-like data structure, whereas the content is stored in books, issues, chapters and contributions. Latter is something like a form which can be dynamically configured within the Rokfor administrative backend.

These forms - or templates as we call them - can be assigned to different users. Users have roles: normal users, administrators and superusers.

Rokfor has its roots in print-publishing, where the writer of text passes the final control to the editor.

Rokfor has Features like:

* Batch processing: Custom PHP scripts can be stored in the backend to automate tasks
* Field processing: Custom PHP scripts can be executed when storing data for a specified field
* Exporter Plugins: Data of single contributions or whole issues can be piped into an exporter plugin to generate PDFs or other files. 

Among the printed books we produced so far you can find 

* the critically acclaimed <a href="http://www.editionpatrickfrey.com/de/books/ich-buchstabendrescher-robert-fischer">"Ich/Buchstabendrescher"</a> Book published by Patrick Frey
* or <a href="http://www.salisverlag.com/title/gina-bucher-beat-mazenauer-hg-lieber-barfuss-als-ohne-buch">"Lieber Barfuss als ohne Buch"</a> by Salisverlag

To generate the printed documents, we use 3rdparty software like LaTeX or Pdflib. You can't find these plugins in this repository, we'll add a new one in the future.

Installation
------------

Prerequisites: MySQL, PHP > 5.0, phpmyadmin, Apache, Mod-Sendfile (not necessary)

* Export the repository
* Put the /core/web/rf folder in your Document Root on the top level.
* Add the .htaccess-v2 content to your .htaccess file, or simply rename it if there's none.
* Put the /core/sys folder in your home directory. For sure someplace without direct access for your web-users.
* Add a database with phpmyadmin and import the sql-dump.sql file.
* Add a repository folder where Rokfor-cms can store the uploads. Normally, this is the /udb folder in your document root. The name comes from Universal Database Blugin.  
Make sure, apache has access rights for this folder (chmod or chown)
* Edit the rf_config-v2.inc file. It is mostly about connecting the MySQL Database, so you need your login and password for the MySQL Server.
* Adapt the paths correctly in the configuration file as well. If you installed rokfor in the /rf directory in your webroot, and 

You shold now be able to log into Rokfor CMS under the url http://example.com/rf on your webserver as superuser __root__ with the default password __1234__. Make sure to change it!


Todos
-----

* Documentation, a lot! In the doc folder there's some autogenerated doxygen stuff, but it should be generated newly.
* Rokfor has a database abstraction class which should be remodeled soon.
* Rokfor has a json api which should be also cleaned up and documented soon.
